So why is interviewing for
front end specifically so difficult?
There are many answers to this,
but give me some.
Give me your best.
>> The tech changes quite fast.
>> [LAUGH] It does.
If you were to hit your head
go into a coma wake up,
you would have no idea what's
going on in front end anymore.
Browsers work completely differently,
technology's completely different.
You're like, what's an angular?
What's a view?
Is that like part of MVC?
They're like, [LAUGH] MVC?
How old is this person?
What else?
Why is interviewing for
Frontend so difficult?
I've got a few.
One, what is the Frontend?
It could be so many things.
If you're programming for, I don't know,
a Tesla, is that not a front-end,
something you interact with?
You're programming, I don't know,
a refrigerator, a tablet for
your refrigerator, that's the frontend.
Browsers, desktops, mobile devices.
Frontend is such a broad category
that it's really hard to say
this is one thing for
frontend and it's only this.
No, no, it's so many broad things.
And of all the parts of engineering,
UI is probably one of the newest.
Yeah, it's 20, 30 years old,
around there, maybe a little bit older.
But in terms of other
parts of computer science,
the frontend is still very new and
it's evolving quickly.
Also what makes front end interviewing,
it's crazy broad.
It's so huge.
The topics we can cover.
If I said HTTP headers, that's front end.
That's definitely something you deal with.
Actually anything with HTTP I would
expect you might have to know as
a front end engineer
depending on your job.
Accessibility, workers,
any sort, browser compatibilities,
CSS, I can
keep going of the things like you might
have to cover in Frontend engineering.
And you can say, yeah, these are valid
Frontend engineering questions.
Yes.
>> The online they're saying
that it's a ton of different
things that are lumped together
as quote unquote one skill set.
>> Yes, and we don't know what those those
are because again, we don't understand
what frontend engineering is half
the time that's a lot of the problem.
So collectively we agree
there's a problem.
And another problem,
I think this is hilarious.
I'm not laughing, I'm laughing inside.
Another one problem is we all
have a different idea about
what the core concepts are.
Something as foundational
as scope in JavaScript I
tweeted this out the other day,
I got so many responses from people,
much more response than my dog pictures,
I'm very disappointed with the Internet.
Then I got response from
engineers weighing in, in much,
much smarter engineers than me.
And they all had a slightly different
definition about what scope is
in JavaScript.
That's part of the problem is,
we don't share this collective language
about what front end engineering is.
Heck, we don't even understand
the core concepts of JavaScript and
just saying that in a universal way.
And that's a lot of the problem too.
My idea of how to build a website is
probably different from your idea of how
to build a website.
So how do we get past that?
How do we establish this
kind of level field
where we understand what
we're talking about.
We can communicate effectively.